README.md, before:


  <h1 align="center">FitLogr 🎉 </h1>
    
  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen)<br />
  
  ## 👇  Description  👇
---
  
  A fitness tracker application which leverages NodeJS, Express, Mongoose (MongoDB). 
 
  ## Table of Contents 
  - [Description](#--description--)
  - [Installation Instructions 📣](#installation-instructions-)
  - [Usage 🖱️](#usage-️)
  - [Contributors 🧑‍🤝‍🧑](#contributors-)
  - [Screenshots 📷](#screenshots-)
  - [Questions ❔](#questions-)
  - [License ©️](#license-️)
    
  ## Installation Instructions 📣
---

  1. Clone Repo 
  2. Run `npm i`
  3. Run `node server.js` 
  4. Visit url (likely,`https://localhost:3000`).
  
  ## Usage 🖱️
---
When you get home from the gym, go ahead and fire up your computer, launch FitLog and begin keeping track of your workouts! Never before has it been this easy to keep track of exercises and pursue physical wellbeing! Simply follow Fitlog's intuitive design and you're on your way to the body of a Greek Deity!

This description was a bit facetious, but it truly is pretty easy to use. On the Exercise Entry screen, "add exercise" adds the content of the fields, and "complete" *completes* that workout, by redirecting you to the dashboard with a recap of all of the exercises you just input. 
  
  ## Contributors 🧑‍🤝‍🧑
---
  Peter Roto
  
  ## Screenshots 📷
---

  |  Dashboard                              | Exercise Entry                               | Stats                               | 
  |:------------------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------:|
  | <img alt="App Dashboard" href="./public/images/screenshot1.png" src="./public/images/screenshot1.png" width="150" height="150"> |<img alt="Very good looking form for charting exercises and workouts." href="./public/images/screenshot2.png" src="./public/images/screenshot2.png" width="150" height="150">|<img alt="Charts of calulated stats colleted by the app" href="./public/images/screenshot3.png" src="./public/images/screenshot3.png" width="150" height="150">|
  |                                                        |                                                        |                                                        |
  |                                                        |                                                        |                                                        |   


  ## Questions ❔

---

  Email me, or create an issue on this repo.<br />
  <br />
  :octocat: Find me on GitHub: [PROTO133](https://github.com/PROTO133)<br />
  <br />
  📬 Email me with any questions: support@peterroto.com<br /><br />
  
  ## License ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen)
---
  <br />
  This application is covered by <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT"> the MIT License</a> license. 

  --------------------------- 
 

  This README was generated with [writemeREADME](https://github.com/proto133/writemeREADME)

Commit message:

added heroku link to README

README.md, after:


  <h1 align="center">FitLogr 🎉 </h1>
    
  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen)<br />
  
  ## 👇  Description  👇
---
  
  A fitness tracker application which leverages NodeJS, Express, Mongoose (MongoDB). 
 
  ## Table of Contents 
  - [Description](#--description--)
  - [Installation Instructions 📣](#installation-instructions-)
  - [Usage 🖱️](#usage-️)
  - [Contributors 🧑‍🤝‍🧑](#contributors-)
  - [Screenshots 📷](#screenshots-)
  - [Questions ❔](#questions-)
  - [License ©️](#license-️)
    
  ## Installation Instructions 📣
---

  1. Clone Repo 
  2. Run `npm i`
  3. Run `node server.js` 
  4. Visit url (likely,`https://localhost:3000`).
  
  ## Usage 🖱️
---
When you get home from the gym, go ahead and fire up your computer, launch FitLog and begin keeping track of your workouts! Never before has it been this easy to keep track of exercises and pursue physical wellbeing! Simply follow Fitlog's intuitive design and you're on your way to the body of a Greek Deity!

This description was a bit facetious, but it truly is pretty easy to use. On the Exercise Entry screen, "add exercise" adds the content of the fields, and "complete" *completes* that workout, by redirecting you to the dashboard with a recap of all of the exercises you just input. 

### Application Deployment

Alterntively, you can visit [Fitlogr on Heroku](https://fitlogr.herokuapp.com) and try it out.
  
  ## Contributors 🧑‍🤝‍🧑
---
  Peter Roto
  
  ## Screenshots 📷
---

  |  Dashboard                              | Exercise Entry                               | Stats                               | 
  |:------------------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------:|
  | <img alt="App Dashboard" href="./public/images/screenshot1.png" src="./public/images/screenshot1.png" width="150" height="150"> |<img alt="Very good looking form for charting exercises and workouts." href="./public/images/screenshot2.png" src="./public/images/screenshot2.png" width="150" height="150">|<img alt="Charts of calulated stats colleted by the app" href="./public/images/screenshot3.png" src="./public/images/screenshot3.png" width="150" height="150">|
  |                                                        |                                                        |                                                        |
  |                                                        |                                                        |                                                        |   


  ## Questions ❔

---

  Email me, or create an issue on this repo.<br />
  <br />
  :octocat: Find me on GitHub: [PROTO133](https://github.com/PROTO133)<br />
  <br />
  📬 Email me with any questions: support@peterroto.com<br /><br />
  
  ## License ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen)
---
  <br />
  This application is covered by <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT"> the MIT License</a> license. 

  --------------------------- 
 

  This README was generated with [writemeREADME](https://github.com/proto133/writemeREADME)
